For Licensing and copying information, see the file COPYING.

PhonePledge is an application for fundraising events. The application
allows you to manage and accept donation pledges via SMS, which can
then be displayed live on, e.g., big projector screen.

Building
========

Compile with "make" or Eclipse. Requires a Java SDK installed on the system.

To compile:

$ make

To run:

In most OSes it is sufficient to just double click the jar
file. Otherwise, run 'java -jar phonepledge.jar' in a terminal window.

Configuration
=============

The PhonePledge program consists of the 'control' window and the
pledge 'display' window. Each of these can be configured separately
using two configuration files: control.properties and
display.properties, respectively. These should be put in the same
directory as the phonepledge.jar to be detected. The configuration
file format is based on key-value pairs in the form "key=value" pairs.

The 'display.properties' configuration file supports the following
key-value pairs:

NextSlideTimeout=NUMBER
	Number of seconds between each slide

TelephoneNumberFont=TEXT
	Font of telephone number shown (Name of some system font, e.g., Arial)

PledgeFont=TEXT
	Sets the font of the Pledges shown in the center of the screen

PledgeFontSize=NUMBER
	Sets the font size of the Pledges shown in the center of the screen

TickerFont=TEXT
	Sets the font of the pledges in the Ticker

TickerFontSize=NUMBER
	Sets the font size of pledges in the Ticker

NextPledgeTimeout=NUMBER
	Timeout before showing next pledge (seconds)

TickerHz=TEXT
	How frequently the ticker should be updated (affects smoothness)

TicksPerSecond=NUMBER
	How "far" the ticker should move each second

PledgeInstruction=TEXT
	The instruction on how to send pledges (text above phone number)

PhoneNumber=TEXT 
	The phone number to send pledges to (this will probably 
	be overridden once logged in to Google Voice)

BackgroundColor=NUMBER,NUMBER,NUMBER
	The RGB color code to use for the background of the display
	window
	
TickerColor=NUMBER,NUMBER,NUMBER
	The RGB color code to use for the ticker background in the
	display window

NOTE: most of these settings can also be changed from the control
window.

The 'control.properties' configuration file supports the following
key-value pairs:

SmsReplyMsg=TEXT
	The text message to send as a reply to incoming pledges

GoogleVoiceUser=TEXT
	The username for the Google Voice account. If set, the login
	dialog box will not be shown at startup

GoogleVoicePassword=TEXT
	The password for the Google Voice account


Changing the logos
------------------

- Put logo.png and ticker.png in phonepledge.jar directory.

The logo in the lower left corner and in the ticker can be changed by
placing the files logo.png and/or ticker.png in the same directory as
the phonepledge.jar file. The corner logo should preferably have the
same background as the pledge window's (white by default) and the
ticker logo should have the same color as the ticker field (RGB values
0,0,80 by default).

Keyboard Shortcuts
==================

Control window:

a		- accept selected pledge

r 		- reject selected pledge

up/down arrow	- Move up/down in pledge list

Display window:

ctrl/cmd-f	- Toggle full-screen (software mode)
ctrl/cmd-g	- Toggle full-screen (hardware mode)

NOTE on full-screen modes:

Hardware mode works well on single screen displays. However, on
multi-screen displays, the hardware mode (with full acceleration)
causes one display to be black. This is because hardware mode can only
accelerate one display at a time. Therefore, software mode is more
useful on multi-screen displays.
